Canada isn't the only housing market
hitting extreme at absurd levels at this
time we can see the froth building in
China and Australia as well as the
complete and obvious fraud rears its
ugly head from the shadows and into the
light another subprime crisis has
emerged you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we are
going to talk about this issue I want to
connect that in with a few others let's
begin by talking about this catastrophic
disaster which is in fact imminent we're
looking at alter Asset Management hands
back cash to clients citing a looming
correction how often do you see that
they usually double down they usually go
on and take the money and
run but this time they're feeling the
guilt this is an Australian asset
manager and essentially what has
happened is they've taken it all given
it back to the
clients they've taken all their fees
everything take it all take it all back
and why specifically stating that they
have returned hundreds of millions of
dollars back to their clients there's an
impending property Market Calamity and
the overvalued and Dangerous Time in
this cycle
as a company small medium large doesn't
matter you are always worried about
profits increasing profits and right now
the Boom is continuing it's getting
better if you're worried about just
profits right now it's an excellent time
but this particular company has decided
that at some point in the near future of
course they're never going to be able to
predict top at some point in the near
future there's going to be a disastrous
event let's get out now give everyone
their money back they're happy because
they've made
money and let's just call it quits right
now that's very very unusual to see
this giving up management and
performance fees handing back cash from
Investments managed by us is a seminal
decision however preserving client
assets is what all fund manager should
let's be very clear about that should
put before their own interests this is
amazing to see
this this you never see this type of
information and it's really good to hear
that at least somebody out there has a
good conscience maybe there's something
else going on I don't know but at least
taking it at face
value this is part of the same article
let me tell you you that I've never been
more
certain of anything in my life I mean
that's bold I'm absolutely certain we
are in a bubble in this property market
and I
mean I'm reading that but I'm that might
as well be my words that might as well
be your words as well it's so clear look
around the most important indicator a
lot of people deny it still I I don't
understand why the most important
indicator how much does the average
person earn or household income you can
use that
one versus how much does the average
price of a home cost to me that's that's
the number one way to determine a
bubbled or not and it has gone
I don't even know the word what whatever
is beyond
extreme it's gone into cartoon
levels mortgage fraud is endemic it's
systemic it's just terrible what's going
on when you've got 30-year-olds who have
never seen a property downturn before
borrowing up to 80% if you think about
that to buy three or four Apartments
it's a bubble and you don't need to be
in Asset Management you don't need a
degree in finance to figure it out a few
basic charts a few numbers that you need
to keep an eye on and you'll know the
situation that's why a lot of
people constantly criticizing myself all
the time about very very small things
look
I'm a student of this you want a guru
you know there's a few names out there
of of individuals that I won't I'll
never talk bad about particular
individuals and the the alternative news
but there's a lot of people who are
constantly willing to give you exactly
what you need you just need to you know
do what they say and how they're always
right and everything else that's fine
that's great the gurus are out there
lots of gurus take their advice sure all
I'm saying is why not Empower
everybody to be able to get this
knowledge on their own I'm not telling
you what to do I'm not telling you you
know oh I told you so I told you so all
the time you should have invested in
this stock at this time because you
would have made this much money you lost
out you should listen to me clicking by
this or that all I'm trying to do is
give you the foundational information
and then you keep an eye on it on your
own anyway I don't want to get off on
the wrong track here
essentially I I'll leave it there it
seems very clear to me when you look at
these bubbles that have formed he's
talking specifically about Australia I'm
going to just fast forward here for just
a moment Home Improvement Hong Kong real
estate prices tripled over the past
decade
tripled I mean think about that it's
housing housing is supposed to be stable
perhaps a slow and steady increase and
occasionally you get a few you know
downturns but what happened here barely
any movement during the financial crisis
But ultimately it is a straight line
upward and if you don't believe the
charts just look at this look at this
image one of many that I saw what is
this well you know this is probably a
lineup for the new iPhone I mean it
could be um a
breadline uh what is it here it's a
concert maybe a whole bunch of people
lining up to get into the concert
sporting event no uh no that's uh not
even
close a Hong Kong new home sale site
cues with over thousands of
buyers the last time it happened 1997
thousands of people lined up to buy
homes a new project is going up they're
going to build you know so many uh units
in a particular condo people line up and
this is this is just this one particular
time right and or or it's just just Hong
Kong right no I don't know about all
other cities around the world but here
in Toronto anytime there is a new condo
development there are people waiting
overnight and sometimes even longer to
make sure they are the first person in
line just like you would see with all
these ridiculous Nike shoes and all of
these iPhones and everything else people
lining up that happens for condos I've
seen it with my own eyes not just
pictures on the internet okay I've seen
it with my own eyes people lining up
it's crazy this is a bubble this cannot
be
sustained how long I don't know but when
it comes down it's going to come
crashing down and the government is
going to step in and violate
everyone's Liberties in order to pump it
all back up I mean where are you going
to go with interest rates when they're
near zero doesn't matter I mean let's
say even at a few
percent you're going to bring them down
a couple percent where you're going to
run out of steam very very quickly
you're going to have to print money
you're going to have to engage in
stimulus
packages you can't you can't keep that
up they're already still requiring all
of that since the financial
crisis and on top of this according to
build German
publication Greece threatens to opt out
of the next
bailout payment without a debt deal
I don't know if this is going to happen
I mean there's constantly threats going
back and forth you're not dealing with
us we're going to abandon you you need
to do this you need to it just goes back
and forth all I know is that Greece
physically can't pay back their debt
it's not possible so of course they're
going to have to figure out another way
and they've been engaging in all of this
asset sales selling off their islands
and airports and businesses and
everything else
and ultimately what are they going to do
I have always said and I mentioned it in
my book that they are going to have to
continue to sell every single asset they
have real assets that is not garbage
paper they'll have to sell it all off to
corporations to these investment
companies to Rich individuals and of
course they'll be selling it for pennies
on the
dollar Greece is just one example A lot
of people are bored reading about Greece
oh no what's going to happen what's
going to
happen you're missing the
point what they're doing now isn't about
you know restructuring of the debt and
everything else it's about transferring
real assets from these nations into the
hands of individuals the elite whatever
you want to call them that's what this
is about and it's happening everywhere
but Greece to a much higher level degree
I believe it it will actually spread and
they're going to see a lot more of this
in Europe and other places in the next
round of uh this crisis that we're in
never left in the first
place interconnected with that you know
Venezuela is obviously in a very bad
situation this is some new information
that I've recently
read out of Reuters the president of
Venezuela's opposition run Congress on
Monday accused Wall Street Investment
Bank Goldman Sachs you may have heard of
them of aiding and abetting the
country's dictatorial regime bold
statement I agree with it following a
report that they had bought $2.8
billion in bonds from the C cash
strapped Country Now what's interesting
about this Bond purchase every single
time Goldman paid 31 cents on the
dollar when
I see this type of information it always
makes me think of everyone's favorite
Warren Buffett and all the richest of
the
rich a lot of people say that you should
invest like Warren Buffett you should do
what he does and surely he occasionally
gives us some great investment advice
there's no doubt about
it but when you realize that a lot of
these big names the billionaires and the
big corporations and everything else
they don't pay the same rate that you
and I
do they don't have to buy Bank of
America basically bailing them out at
whatever the going rate was they get a
nice nice
discount and that is something that
people just don't get they Overlook it
or they you know that's not important
this and that well you know you can
avoid certain information if you want
I've been called a cherry picker
before but you know there's a lot more
to look at to really just say look
what's the situation is it bad is it
good is it a bit of both I think so but
let's look at all of the information and
let's really be honest with ourselves
and then prepare
accordingly that's all for this video
here a little bit of ranting if you
enjoyed it if you found it informative
please give me a thumbs
up last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collaps even
more
informative if you want to flip through
the books you can do so at Amazon they
have a look inside feature that will
allow you to flip through the pages of
these books to see if you like them take
care